# Dawood
Design and implement a system to manage train station operation. The system manages tables of trains schedule, trips’ durations, and drivers’ salaries. The trains info is based on three tables described below. The data in the tables can be either entered manually by the user or loaded from existing Excel files. The user can use the data in these tables to generate more tables and output them either on the screen or as Excel files.   Table 1 contains two columns of trains’ data (all numbers); Train ID and number of daily trips.   Table 2 contains three columns of drivers’ data (all numbers); Driver ID, salary/hour, and number of experience years.   Table 3 contains four columns of driver’ loads (all numbers); Driver ID, train ID, departure time hour (integer out of 23), departure time minutes (integer out of 59), arrival time hour (integer out of 23) and arrival time minutes (integer out of 59). One driver can have multiple rows for the different train trips he had driven this month.  The program should show the user the main menu of operations to choose from through the menu item number. After the user completed one of the operations, the program should return back to the main menu until the user chooses to exit the program:  1. Add a row to the data in table 1 containing the two elements of trains’ data (Train ID and number of daily trips), by asking the user to enter these values. 2. Add a row to the data in table 2 containing the three elements (Driver ID, compensation/hour, and experience bonus), by asking the user to enter these values. 3. Add a row to table 3 containing the four elements (Driver ID, train ID, departure time hour (integer out of 23), departure time minutes (integer out of 59), arrival time hour (integer out of 23) and arrival time minutes (integer out of 59)), by asking the user to enter these values. 4. Load a table. If the user chooses this option, he should be asked through sub-menu whether he wants to load table 1, 2, or 3. Then, he will be prompted for the file name; i.e. the program should take the name of the file as an input from the user. 5. Save a table. If the user chooses this option, he should be asked through sub-menu whether he wants to save table 1, 2, or 3. Then, he will be prompted for the file name; i.e. the program should take the name of the file as an input from the user. 6. Display a table. If the user chooses this option, he should be asked through sub-menu whether he wants to display (print out on the screen) table 1, 2, or 3. 7. Compute a table for the driver’s compensation of each trip during the month. The table for the driver’s compensation of each trip during the month contains driver’s ID, number of trips/month, compensation/hour and compensation/trip. 8. Compute a table for the monthly salary of all drivers based on their trips’ durations and their experiences. The table for the monthly salary of all drivers contains drivers’ IDs, number of hours/month, compensation/hour, experience extra bonus, monthly salary. You have to explain in your report how you calculated the monthly salary for each driver. 9. Compute a table showing the drivers on duty this month and the trains IDs they drove. This table should show the driver ID in first column and the list of all trains’ IDs in second column.  For options 7, 8 &amp; 9, the user should be asked whether he wants the table displayed on screen or written to an Excel file. If the user chooses to write it to a file, the program should take the name of the files as an input from the user.  10 Exit the program.
